Copy edit Getting Started guide (#768)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/getting-started/create-cagg.md

## Querying continuous aggregates

<highlight type="tip">
Continuous aggregates are actually a special kind of hypertable, so you can
query, view, and modify their chunks just like you would a regular hypertable.
You can also add data retention policies and drop chunks on continuous aggregate

> hypertables. The only restriction at this time is that you cannot apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hypertables. The only restriction is that you can't apply
```

compression or continuous aggregation to these hypertables.
</highlight>

When you query a continuous aggregate, the system reads and processes the much
smaller materialized table, which has been refreshed at scheduled intervals. This
makes querying continuous aggregates useful for speeding up dashboards, summarizing
data sampled at high frequency, and querying downsampled data over long time periods.

> Moreover, querying continuous aggregates does not slow down `INSERT` operations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, querying continuous aggregates doesn't slow down `INSERT` operations,
```
